README.md, before:

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#triangular_flag_on_post-deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [❓ FAQ](#faq)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 [Hello Microcerse] <a name="about-project"></a>

**[To-Do List]**

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>
- [x] HTML, CSS and JavaScript
- [x] Linters: Lighthouse, Webhint, Stylelint and ESLint
- [x] VS Code


### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:
- [x] A web browser like Google Chrome
- [x] A code editor like Visual Studio Code with Git and Node.js.

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder using the link given below:

use the git clone command to clone this repository or download ZIP

### Install

Install this project with:

In the terminal, go to your file directory and run this command.

```
$ git clone https://github.com/Odongo006/To-Do-List.git
```
### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command: 
- Repository[@repo](https://github.com/Odongo006/To-Do-List.git)






### Run tests

To check for linters, use the files provided by [Microverse](https://github.com/microverseinc/linters-config). A GitHub action is also set to run during pull request.
```
$ npm install
```


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Henry**

- GitHub: [@Odongo006](https://github.com/Odongo006)
- Twitter: [@HenryOdongo007](https://twitter.com/HenryOdongo007)
- LinkedIn: [@HenryOdongo](https://www.linkedin.com/in/henry-odongo-91b830182/)
- Website: [@Portfolio](https://odongo006.github.io/My-Portfolio-Project/)

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing "></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/Odongo006/issues).


<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project give it a ⭐️


<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

- [Microverse](https://www.microverse.org/)
- Code Reviewers
- Coding Partners

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.

Commit message:

Add key and future feature section in my readme.md file

README.md, after:

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#triangular_flag_on_post-deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [❓ FAQ](#faq)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 [Hello Microcerse] <a name="about-project"></a>

**[To-Do List]**

> "To-do list" is a tool that helps to organize your day. It simply lists the things that you need to do and allows you to mark them as complete. In this particular repo, We are building this To-do list with using HTML, CSS, JavaScript (ES6), and Webpack.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>
- [x] HTML, CSS and JavaScript
- [x] Linters: Lighthouse, Webhint, Stylelint and ESLint
- [x] VS Code


### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:
- [x] A web browser like Google Chrome
- [x] A code editor like Visual Studio Code with Git and Node.js.

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder using the link given below:

use the git clone command to clone this repository or download ZIP

### Install

Install this project with:

In the terminal, go to your file directory and run this command.

```
$ git clone https://github.com/Odongo006/To-Do-List.git
```
### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command: 
- Repository[@repo](https://github.com/Odongo006/To-Do-List.git)






### Run tests

To check for linters, use the files provided by [Microverse](https://github.com/microverseinc/linters-config). A GitHub action is also set to run during pull request.
```
$ npm install
```

### Key Features
- Webpack
- Linters

### Future Features

- Babel
- React

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Henry**

- GitHub: [@Odongo006](https://github.com/Odongo006)
- Twitter: [@HenryOdongo007](https://twitter.com/HenryOdongo007)
- LinkedIn: [@HenryOdongo](https://www.linkedin.com/in/henry-odongo-91b830182/)
- Website: [@Portfolio](https://odongo006.github.io/My-Portfolio-Project/)

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing "></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/Odongo006/issues).


<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project give it a ⭐️


<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

- [Microverse](https://www.microverse.org/)
- Code Reviewers
- Coding Partners

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.
